False order
I want to deal with you with a lot of tricks.
Would you use such an inferior method?
You are too tall to look at yourselves.
You have sent the Holy Spirit.
Just to abort my throne.
Let me bow my head and admit my mistake.
But you despise the law of the court.
You despise me too much.
The Liu Xiang faked the sacred instruction
My throne still counts.
I'm still the princess's adopted son.
Gentlemen.
Don't get on the wrong team.
Bridegroom, that was a misunderstanding.
Because she was also cheated by him to say rude to you.
Can you forgive me for once?
Who just blamed me?
Who said I was deposed by the emperor after nothing was useless?
You say I am not fit to be your son-in-law.
Even my husband doesn't deserve it.
The woman didn't mean to.
She's just hot-headed, attacking her mind, so she says confused words.
Don't worry.
I hope so.
Hello friend.
Previously, I waited for the eyes to not know the legs.
It almost made me cold.
In this way, as long as you forgive us.
I will give you a thousand pieces of gold.
The dowry for the little girl
It's almost like that.
Ly Hue Ninh
You saw it.
That's the power of power and class.
As long as I have it all.
I'll stand higher.
I can have everything.
And you're a rural woman.
Fight me for what?
Power.
Haha.
These things you've tried a lot to feed dogs.
In my eyes like dirt
It's not worth talking about.
It's like shit that's not worth talking about.
Your mouth is full of nonsense.
You can lie to others, don't lie to yourself.
You're just selling tofu at a street stall.
What do you know about power?
What the hell do you know?
I was born the highest power.
What's not to understand?
The Lord wants to give you everything.
You just want to be hot.
In the basic heart
There's no half point in me being a mother.
But...
There's a little love in your heart
It won't fall into this field.
Falling
That's bullshit.
I chose a good path.
You can give me
It's just your mouth talking over and over again.
20 years of parenting.
Lost 20 years of service life
And what I can get
That's glory and power.
There are also endless mountains of gold and silver.
Besides, I'm not asking you to do me those favors.
I don't put those things in my eyes.
Compared to the gift the princess gave me.
It's not worth talking about.
I hope you didn't make a choice today.
And regret